---
pagetitle: SWIB24 Code of Conduct
---

<div id="main">

# Code of Conduct

We want to enable participation and inclusion and reflect our principle of
equality and diversity. All attendees, speakers, conference staff and
volunteers at our conference are required to agree with the following Code of
Conduct. Organisers will enforce this CoC throughout the event. We expect
cooperation from all participants to help ensure a safe, respectful and
productive environment in which everyone feels welcome.

With your registration and your commitment to participate at SWIB Conference,
you agree with the following Code of Conduct.

## The Short Version

Our conference is dedicated to providing a harassment- and discrimination-free
conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and
expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body
size, ethnic background, religion or belief (or absence thereof), social
background, or technology choices. We do not tolerate threatening behaviour,
violence or any type of harassment of conference participants. Sexual language
and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks,
workshops, social events, Twitter and other online media.

Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled
from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference
organisers.

## The Less Short Version

Harassment includes, but is not limited to, offensive verbal comments related
to gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability,
physical appearance, body size, ethnic background, religion or belief (or
absence thereof), social background, technology choices, sexual images in
public spaces, engagement in sexual activities like deliberate intimidation,
stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption
of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual
attention.

Participants asked to stop any violent or harassing behaviour are expected to
comply immediately.

SWIB Conference organisers and staff are also subject to the anti-harassment
policy. We do not support or use sexualised and other discriminatory images,
activities, material or attitudes.

If a participant engages in harassing behaviour, the conference organisers may
take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or
expulsion from the conference with no refund.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed or have
any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff immediately.
Conference staff will be happy to help participants by providing information,
contacting a hotel or taxi, alerting local law enforcement, or otherwise
assisting those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the
conference. We value your attendance.


**Contact: swib-coc-enforcement(at)hbz-nrw.de**

:::{.hint}

**Advice on Discrimination**: Germanyâ€™s General Equal Treatment Act (AGG: Allgemeines Gleichbehandlungsgesetz) prohibits discrimination on grounds of ethnic origin, gender, disability, religion, belief, age, or sexual orientation, mainly in the world of work and daily affairs. The following agencies provide advice free of charge:

The Federal Anti-Discrimination Agency/Antidiskriminierungsstelle des Bundes: www.antidiskriminierungsstelle.de, Fon: +49 (0)30 18555-1855, E-Mail: beratung@ads.bund.de

The Regional Anti-Discrimination Agency NRW: www.aric-nrw.de, Fon: +49 (0)203 28 48 73, E-Mail: kontakt@aric-nrw.de

**Attribution**: This text is based on http://confcodeofconduct.com/, written by contributors from JSON Conf US 2012 & The Ada Initiative and published under CC-BY 3.0 license.

:::

</div>

<div id="sidebar">

## News {.sidebox-title}

:::{.sidebox-box}

### 17th SWIB

**SWIB25 will happen on 17-19 November**\
This years SWIB will happen a bit earlier as usual, from 17th to 19th November 2025
25.03.2025


:::


## Mastodon {.sidebox-title}

:::{.sidebox-box}

[\@swib@openbiblio.social](https://openbiblio.social/@swib)

#swib24

:::

</div>



